hello and welcome to the game on
grapevine today we're thinking just how
much better Metal Gear Solid Snake would
look if you just spend a bit more time
on his appearance yeah what's your point
well it would be really nice to see some
footage of MGS Peace Walker HD if you
ask nicely okay pretty please with a
cherry on top can we see some fancy
pants gameplay video thank you Peace
Walker HD was first shown off at e3
we're gamers could have a go on the ps3
and 360 reimagining of arguably one of
the best PSP games around this is the
first HD footage to be released and we
get to see the protagonist naked snake
and Miller conversing in audio Diaries
clearly someone was in a rush tho and
didn't think what they had to say was
worth listening to send them back using
Fulton recovery not much we can do with
a bit rude really and it would seem
whoever was playing might have missed a
few hints in that audio tape he begins
with a bit of stealthy sleuthing good
job but then uh-oh spotted enemies close
by enemy sighted question back up and oh
dear now he set off an alarm this is
turning into a miserable fail the
gameplay demo ends with the less than
graceful demise of snake which probably
left the player just wishing they'd been
the safety of a cardboard box close by
the remastered Peace Walker is out in
November and if you like the look of
that the upcoming mgs HD collection will
see Metal Gear Solid 2 and 3 re-released
in high definition what happened snake
that's all for today but if you're
craving more and let's face it why
wouldn't you be like us at facebook com
for word / game on TV more gaming gear
tomorrow